
## 模型参数搜索

6. Logistic Regression:

    1. C: 设置正则参数$\lambda$, $C=\frac{1}{\lambda}$
    2. penalty: Regularization term ('l1' or 'l2').


    ```python
    LogisticRegression(C=1000.0, random_state=0)
    ```

8. Neural Networks:

    1. batch_size: Number of samples per gradient update.
    1. epochs: Number of epochs to train the model.
    1. optimizer: Optimizer algorithm to use (e.g., 'adam', 'sgd').
    1. learning_rate: Learning rate for the optimizer.


2. Decision Trees:
    1. criterion is the function to measure the quality of a split
    1. max_depth: Maximum depth of the tree.
    2. random_state is the seed used by the random number generator.
    3. min_samples_split: Minimum number of samples required to split a node.
    4. min_samples_leaf: Minimum number of samples required at each leaf node.

    ```python
    DecisionTreeClassifier(criterion=’entropy’, max_depth=3, random_state=0)
    ```

3. Random Forest:

    1. Parameters from Decision Trees plus:
    2. n_estimators: Number of trees in the forest.
    3. max_features: Number of features to consider when looking for the best split.

4. Gradient Boosting Machines (GBM): Parameters for decision trees plus

    1. n_estimators: Number of boosting stages.
    2. learning_rate: Learning rate shrinks the contribution of each tree.
    3. subsample: Fraction of samples used for fitting the individual base learners.

5. K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN):
    1. n_neighbors: Number of neighbors to consider.
    2. p Minkowski power parameter
        1. p = 1, Manhattan distance
        2. p = 2, Euclidean distance
    3. metric: 举例矩阵

    ```python
    KNeighborsClassifier(n_neighbors=5, p=2, metric='minkowski')
    ```

6. Support Vector Machines (SVM):

    1. kernel: Specifies the kernel type to be used.
        1.  linear classification, `kernel` =  `linear`
        2.  non-linear classification, `kernel` = `rbf` or `sigmoid`.
    2. C: Penalty parameter of the error term.  controls the trade-off between smooth decision boundaries and classifying training points correctly.
    3. random_state is a pseudo-random number generator used to ensure reproducibility of results across different runs.

    ```python
    SVC(kernel='linear', C=1.0, random_state=0)
    ```

5. Naive Bayes:

    No specific hyperparameters for cross-validation in the typical sense, though you might cross-validate smoothing parameters for certain variants like Gaussian Naive Bayes.
